You can see the health insurance claim process inside ICICI Labard here,
I did it.  The medical here
is 4400 and the date is 10th, which means it is of 2026.
Whatever claims were made before this,
you can see everything here, the family which
was in the service category, both cashless and reimbursement are available.
So I tried both and
both have been approved.  I will
tell you practically how
everything works.  Ok?  So here I
will tell you the process through which you will definitely get the idea.  First of all, I will
tell you practically how the entire process of IL Tech Care, which is the application of ICIC LBD, is done
and here you see, first of all, in this way
you get
to see the interface of the mobile application.
How insurance claim is made,
you are seeing everything here, which date are you
seeing, which date is visible, it is of 2026
only.  Ok?  Here the claim process which you are
seeing here, I used to get up to 3 lakhs here, so I have got it, so
what is there in general, I will go to manage claim
here, I will show you the practical, friends
saved and ongoing, on going means 102 2026
months, okay, it has been completed and that too has been done
and the last one which was 686200 of 10126 is
different, whatever the claim process was here,
all has been completed, here the
last one was the latest ah second month, that is, it was
in February of 2026, here in under
process, if you click here, then at that
time what process will be visible here, I will
show you the practical here, from
which you will get an idea, claim submit,
claim register, under process approved,
okay, so what is there in view claim here,
I have placed all the documents
of sleep pharmacy and then later
discharge summary and all the things remain
under remission, generally you know
friends, it is easy in cashless,
friends, you mean  It happens within 24 hours.
Here you are seeing the claim process, are
you hospital claim, are you claiming
process, here you are seeing friends,
uploaded discharge summary is showing you the sample,
name of the hospital, details of operation,
diagnosis, date of discharge, admin, all the
things should be inside this discharge,
okay, all the things are done here,
after that I click here again,
here you are seeing are you claim process
pre post, okay, here
inside hospitalization, friends, all the different timings and
dates were approved, hospital
claim with another insurance.  Ok?  So
here, whatever your medical
amount is, you can
buy and add all that here.  Here you have to check the diagnosis
and trader giving date of discharge admin,
everything up to date.
After that it will be up to you to approve it.
Ok?  So what is it in general?  When it comes
to reimbursement, friends, it takes you a minimum of 14 to 15 days.
But it takes you minimum 8 to 9 days and
that is the time duration for
your approval.  Friends, in caseless,
you know that you have to stay admitted in the hospital for 24 hours,
after that you get it, that is,
friends, the hospital gets it even before you get admitted in the joint hospital,
but my suggestion is that if
you have a pre-plan, then do caseless, otherwise,
whatever medical
expenses are there, then pay it
in resentment, it is easy and good,
I personally liked ICICI and okay,
friends, how was your experience
with Aise Labard, tell me that also in the comments
and we will meet in the next video and
with Infativ In, thank you friends, Jai
Hind